Qingzhou family 33 across thousands of industries
Once the Dongsha Order is issued, it will never die
Even if you hide in a dark ditch, you can't survive
Xiao Chen is dead
And you still have a lot of good years
It is better to take refuge in our Chen family
I am guaranteed by Chen Tian's masterpiece.
You will not only survive
And live a better life
Ah, how dare you hit me?
Just hit
Is there a problem?
Hmph kill order is a bit interesting
It's just that your rank is too low
Not enough status
I'm not qualified to make a move.
You give you a chance
Call your straight man over
Otherwise he will never have the chance to see me again in his life
Ahaha, I'll let you die for nothing
Tianming
How are you free? What?